III. Japanese Recipes
(Source: https://norecipes.com)

SUNOMONO (Cucumber Salad)
Summary:
  Makes 4 servings
  Preparation Time: 5 minutes
  Cooking Time: 10 minutes
Ingredients:
  260 grams	Japanese Cucumbers (~2 cucumbers)
  1/2 teaspoon salt
  45 grams wakame
  2 tablespoons rice vinegar
  1 tablespoon sugar
  1/4 teaspoon salt
  4 pieces crab meat (optional for garnish)
  1 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds (for garnish)
Instructions:
  1. Slice the cucumbers as thinly as possible and then add the 1/4 teaspoon of salt. Toss to coat evenly and then let the cucumbers rest for 5-10 minutes.
  2. Rehydrate the wakame according to the package directions and chop into bite-size pieces.
  3. Once the cucumbers start sweating liquid, you can massage them with you hand to speed up the process. When the cucumbers become translucent they are ready to be squeezed.
  4. Grab the cucumbers with your hands and squeeze as much water from them as you can.
  5. In a non-reactive bowl, whisk together the rice vinegar, sugar and salt until the solids are dissolved.
  6. Add the squeezed cucumber, and wakame to the vinegar mixture and toss everything together to coat.
  7. Serve the sunomono in small kobachi bowls, and garnish with crab meat and toasted sesame seeds.

OMURICE
Summary:
  Makes 2 servings
  Preparation Time: 5 minutes
  Cooking Time: 12 minutes
Ingredients:
  3 large eggs
  1/4 cup heavy cream
  1/4 teaspoon salt
  1 teaspoon vegetable oil
  1/2 small onion, diced
  1/3 carrot, peeled and diced
  1 small clove
  160 grams cooked chicken
  260 grams cooked short-grain rice
  3 tablespoons ketchup
Instructions:
  1. Add the eggs, cream and salt to a bowl and beat until the whites and yolks are well combined.
  2. Add the oil to a 10" nonstick frying pan, then add the onions, carrots and garlic. Sauté over medium heat until the carrots are tender.
  3. Turn the heat up to high, add the chicken and continue sautéing until the chicken has warmed up. Add the rice to the pan, and use a spatula to break up the clumps and combine evenly.
  4. Add the ketchup and stir-fry until everything is well combined. Taste the rice and season with salt and pepper to taste.
  5. Mound the rice on a plate, then put the pan back on the heat. Pour the egg mixture into the pan.
  6. Use a spatula to gently stir up the curds a few times, but stop stirring just before there isn't enough liquid left to spread out across the pan. Cover the pan with a lid and turn down the heat to medium low.
  7. The eggs are done when they aren't runny anymore, but the top surface still appears wet. If you use a glass lid, the egg should be done when the glass is hot to the touch.
  8. Slide the egg out of the pan and onto the rice. Garnish with ketchup and parsley to serve.

CURRY RICE
Summary:
  Makes 4 servings
  Preparation Time: 10 minutes
  Cooking Time: 1 hour 20 minutes
Indredients:
  For Curry:
    550 grams	boneless skinless chicken thighs
    1 teaspoon salt
    1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
    14 grams garlic (~2 large cloves, grated)
    14 grams fresh ginger (~1/2-inch piece, grated)
    500 grams onion (2 large onions, thinly sliced)
    3 tablespoons curry powder (Japanese brand such as S&B)
    3 cups low-sodium chicken stock
    300 grams carrots (~ 2 carrots, cut into chunks)
    1/2 medium apple (peeled, cored and grated)
    2 tablespoons chunou sauce
    1 tablespoon tomato paste
    1 teaspoon unsweetened cocoa powder
    1	bay leaf
    350 grams	potatoes (~2 medium potatoes cut into large chunks)
    1/2 cup	Frozen green peas
  For Roux
    1 tablespoon cultured unsalted butter
    1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
Instructions:
  1. Clean any large bits of fat or tendon from the chicken and cut into large chunks. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon of salt and 1/4 teaspoon of pepper and mix to distribute evenly.
  2. Heat the vegetable oil in a heavy bottomed pot over medium-high heat until hot and shimmering and then add the chicken in a single layer. Let the chicken brown undisturbed (about 5 minutes). Flip the chicken and let it brown on the other side.
  3. Turn down the heat to medium-low and transfer the chicken to a bowl using tongs, making sure to leave as much oil in the pan as possible.
  4. Add the grated garlic and ginger and fry in the oil until it's not sizzling as much and it reaches a rich caramel brown color.
  5. Add the onions, and stir to coat with oil. Cover with a lid and let the onions steam until translucent and limp (about 10-15 minutes).
  6. Remove the lid, turn up the heat to medium and continue frying the onion, stirring constantly until it's reduced to about 1/8 of its original volume and it forms a shiny caramel brown paste (about 20-30 minutes). If the onion starts to stick to the pan before it's fully caramelized, try scrubbing off the stuck bits with a spatula. If that doesn't work you can add just a bit of water to the areas where things are sticking and then use the spatula to scrape.
  7. When the onions are fully caramelized, add the curry powder and saute briefly until very fragrant.
  8. Return the chicken to the pot and then add the stock, carrots, grated apple, chunou sauce, tomato paste, cocoa powder, salt and the bay leaf. Bring to a boil over high heat and then reduce the heat. Cover and simmer for 15 minutes.
  9. Add the potatoes, cover and simmer until the carrots and potatoes are very tender (another 15-20 minutes).
  10. In the meantime, make the roux by adding the butter and flour to a small saucepan over medium heat. Use a spatula to stir constantly until the bubbling subsides and the roux is a light brown color.
  11. When the potatoes are tender, taste and adjust salt to taste. If you like your curry sweeter, you can add some honey.
  12. Finish the curry by stirring in the roux and green peas and bringing to a boil to thicken the sauce.
  13. Serve with hot rice, or on top of a bowl of udon.
  
SALMON KATSU
  Makes 2 servings
Ingredients:
  vegetable oil (for frying)
  9 ounces salmon (2, 1-inch thick fillets, skin removed)
  salt
  pepper
  2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
  1 egg
  1 cup panko
  tonkatsu sauce
Instructions:
  1. Add 1-inch of vegetable oil to a heavy bottomed pot and preheat to 375 degrees F. Prepare a wire rack with 3 sheets of paper towels to drain the salmon katsu.
  2. Salt and pepper the salmon on both sides and then dust with an even coating of flour.
  3. Put the egg in a bowl and beat until uniform, put the panko in a separate shallow bowl.
  4. Dip the salmon in the egg and coat evenly and then transfer to the bowl with the panko and roll around to ensure the surface of the salmon is evenly coated in breadcrumbs.
  5. Fry the salmon until golden brown (about 2 minutes) and then transfer to the prepared wire rack.
  6. Serve with tonkatsu sauce.
  
TOMATO NIKUJAGA (Tomato Potato and Beef Stew)
Summary:
  Makes 4 servings
  Preparation Time: 10 minutes
  Cooking Time: 40 minutes
Ingredients:
  2 teaspoons	Vegetable oil
  2 tablespoons	Granulated sugar
  300 grams	Beef (sliced thinly)
  360 grams	Potatoes (8 small , peeled and cut in half)
  230 grams	Tomatoes (2 medium , cut into wedges)
  220 grams	Onion (1 small , sliced)
  200 grams	Shirataki noodles (drained, rinsed , chopped)
  170 grams	Carrots (1 large carrot, cut into large pieces)
  1 cup	Sake
  1/4 cup	Soy sauce
  80 grams	Snap peas (trimmed & sliced in half)
Instructions:
  1. Heat a pan large enough for all of the ingredients over medium high-heat until hot. Add the oil and sugar and swirl to coat. Add the beef and stir-fry until the beef is mostly cooked.
  2. Add the potatoes, tomatoes, onion, shirataki noodles, carrots, sake, and soy sauce. Bring to a boil.
  3. Partially cover with a lid and turn down the heat to maintain a gentle simmer. Cook until the vegetables and meat are tender (about 50 minutes)
  4. Add the snap peas and cover and steam until they are bright green.
  
GYUDON (Beeg Bowl)
Summary:
  Makes 2 bowls
  Preparation Time: 1 minute
  Cooking Time: 14 minutes
Ingredients:
   1 cup	Dashi
  2 tablespoons	White wine (such as Riesling or Gewxfcrztraminer)
  2 tablespoons	Sake
  1 1/2 tablespoons	Soy sauce
  1 teaspoon	Sugar
  200 grams	Beef short rib (thinly sliced)
  100 grams	Onion (about 1/2 large , thickly sliced)
Instructions:
  1. Add the dashi, white wine, sake, soy sauce, and sugar to a pan and bring to a boil over medium-high heat.
  2. Add the onions and cook for 3 minutes.
  3. Add the beef, and turn down the heat to maintain a gentle simmer.
  4. Cook until the beef is tender (about 10 minutes). Adjust salt to to taste.
  5. Serve the beef over bowls of hot rice, with some of the cooking liquid poured over the beef and rice.
