I. FRESH STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE
  (12 Servings)
  Ingredients:
    4 Cups Packages Biscuit Mix
    1 1/2 Cups Sweet Cream
    1 1/2 Tablespoon Sugar
    2 Quarts Strawberry Ice Cream
    2 Quarts Strawberries, Sliced and Sugared
    3 cups Whipped Cream
    1 Cup Chopped Pistachio Nuts
    12 Whole Strawberries

  Instructions:
    Mix packaged Biscuit Mix with cream and sugar until you have a soft dough.
    Beat vigorously until dough is smooth but soft enough to knead.
    Knead lightly on a floured board until smooth enough to roll.
    Roll dough 1/2 inch thick.
    Using a -inch round cookie cutter, cut circles from dough.
    Place one inch apart on an unbuttered baking sheet.
    Bake in 450 deg oven for 10 minutes or until puffy and golden brown.
    Split shortcakes and cool completely.
    Just before serving, place layers of strawberry ice cream and some sugared
    strawberries in the middle of each shortcake and cover with upper half.
    Top with more berries, whipped cream, a sprinkling of chopped pistachio nuts
    and finally, top each portion with a whole strawberry.

II. BLUEBERRY ICE CREAM DREAM
  (6 Servings)
  Ingredients:
    1 1/2 Quarts Blueberries
    1 1/4 Cups Sugar
    1 Teaspoon Cinnamon
    10  Slices Buttered Bread
    6 Scoops Vanilla Ice Cream

  Instructions:
    Wash Blueberries.
    Cook blueberries slowly with sugar and cinnamon for 10 minutes.
    Trim Crust from bread.
    Butter an 8-inch square baking dish and in it place a single layer of bread.
    Add a layer of berries.
    Alternate bread and berries until pan is full.
    Ending with berries and their juice.
    Bake in 350 deg oven for 25 minutes.
    Chill, Cut in squares.
    Serve topped with vanilla ice cream.

III. HOT FUDGE SNOWBALL
    (for each serving)
    Ingredients:
       1 large Scoop Vanilla Ice Cream
       1 Cup Shredded Coconut
       1/2 cup Hot Fudge Sauce

    Instructions:
      Shape ice cream with a scoop and roll in shredded coconut until well
      coated on all sides. Set on sheet of waxed paper and place in freezer to harden.
      Place snowball in a deep dish.
      Pour hot fudge sauce over it and serve.
